feat(gen-apis): update rate-limits (#4516)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/reference-content/rate-limits.mdx

These limits only apply if you created a Scaleway Account and registered a valid payment method. Otherwise, stricter limits apply to ensure usage stays within Free Tier only.
</Message>

## How can I increase the rate limits?

We actively monitor usage and will improve rates based on feedback.
If you need to increase your rate limits, [contact our support team](https://console.scaleway.com/support/create), providing details on the model used and specific use case.

> Note that for increase up to x5 or x10 volumes, we highly recommend to use dedicated deployments with [Managed Inference](https://console.scaleway.com/inference/deployments), which provides exactly the same feature and API compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for increases of up to x5 or x10 volumes, we highly recommend using dedicated deployments with [Managed Inference](https://console.scaleway.com/inference/deployments), which provides exactly the same features and API compatibility.
```
